GaGe card memory acquisition bug (Current fix : allocating the buffer at the start of the C application. Thus the problem can only occur when starting the C app)
	Streaming buffer error -57 : CS_INSUFFICIENT_RESOURCES
	
	Only current solution is to reboot the PC
	This seems to be related to DMA memory allocation
	From Gage:
		Streaming buffer allocations require contiguous PC RAM memory. The error means that the PC does not have enough contiguous memory to satisfy the request.
		The PC has most contiguous memory just after bootup. After that, the memory can be increasingly fragmented by running applications. Closing an application is only releasing memory required for that application. However, the memory can be still fragmented. Background applications (ex: antivirus) can fragment memory as well.
		Here are some solutions for this problem:
            		Close all applications that are not required. (may solve the problem, reboot is not required)
             		Reduce the buffer size for streaming (may solve the problem, reboot is not required)
             		Reboot the PC then run streaming acquisition as soon as possible.
             		Add more RAM to the PC
 
            	Gage API cannot reset the PC memory. Memory management belong to Windows OS. Reboot the PC will reset the PC memory.


Non inclusion of windows.h in library causes invalid memory access

IGM continuity between batches.

Documentation, read me code an exe only checkout / installation & code a code installation


Curl script to retrieve a lib release in public project. 

Pass on error handling to reduce console verbosity and redirect to TCP messages

UDP Automatization
	load params
	pre-acq
	compute
	start / stop
	change delay
	change name

2 channels

dfr from references. 

Allow loading params from previous acquisition
	(button to save a good param set, menu to retreive from saved) 

Output 4 rather than 2 buffers, allow a wider choice of signals
	Signals wish list:
		
		The 2 phase difs 

Pre-acquisition mode with live update 
	with the ability to live change some params
		fast correction signs
		self corr template choice

python code / interface
		try reconnect to reconnect when TCP is lost
		make the TCP connection when starting acquisition / processing
		retreive / compute / display filters
		Multiple choice menu to display several signals
		Add a new panel for the 'live' pre-acq mode

General	
	make the matlab computation of DCS parameters more automatic
	the parameters that are 'difficult' to compute each time should be avail on the interface
			example: the IGM filter and template


Mex files for kernels

